
Comment : My son does not know his way around the house. He really needs his face transforming.

Comment : Rob, have you tried using GPT2 to generate peer review comments?

Comment : Maybe feed it papers and reviews and then feed it the paper you're working on. Get a fresh perspective on your subject. Maybe AI can solve the AI safety problem by pure chance.

Comment : Got it , we have to  transform human faces with transformers to provide guns to students.

Comment : !!!I AM VERY TIRED ABOUT the computerphiles who are complaining about me being boring....

Comment : 9:43 "I feel my brain is in a box just like your brain in my box. :)" 9:58 "Rob, do you have a robot friend, please?"

Comment : Just wait 'till some clueless news reporter quotes these in their piece

Comment : "Are Machine Learning models gaining consciousness? Some models are already showing first signs, and are attempting to befriend or even threaten their makers"

Comment : These fake comments were actually rather entertaining.

Comment : 8:49 "we want to know the fur..."

Comment : And "fur" appears.

Comment : I find this very interesting. Many smart "Transhumanist" are the most important thing to do. Australia is a very important part of the 20th century average. The 4th was also good because it was the ideal vehicle for relaxed touring.

Comment : I think the real takeaway from this video is:  Rob should get his cat involved more, and at the very least show us their little face!  TL;DR: CAT CAT CAT

Comment : Will this break the format?

Comment : 
Comment : Bobby" DROP TABLE Students;

Comment : Now I want to see an AI try to write authentic youtube 
Comment s from watching the video.

Comment : The Internet: Don't read the 
Comment s.

Comment : Rob: reads the 
Comment s

Comment : How many times do we have to say to you that you are funny?

Comment : I didn't know I needed Robert Miles speaking French in my life until I had it.

Comment : Plot twist: every 
Comment  on this video was generated by GPT-2.

Comment : I find this stuff interesting, have you read some of the 
Comment s on these papers? I am very interested.

Comment : What is the name of Your cat?

Comment : HAL 9000?

Comment : Trurl?

Comment : Golem XIV?

Comment : Skynet?

Comment : Deep Thought?

Comment : The perfect video doesn't exi....

Comment : Love the hostname :p

Comment : 7:55 what did the computer say? heavy breathing

Comment : I'd love a 24hs stream of this algorithm generating stuff using the online chat 
Comment s as seed. XD Or... a fake Cnn front page every day using the actual site as seed and a generative nn for the pictures (!!) ... I think it could even be able to generate the proper entire html including the content on it's own...

Comment : This is like advanced Mad Libs.

Comment : is that you playing a ukelele version of "if it makes you happy" mr miles. if so please do a video just on that please.

Comment : Showing off the power of Sublime

Comment : I would like more cat content. He's very vocal!

Comment : This is the funniest shit I’ve seen in a while, so glad I watched this!

Comment : oh god a twm user i better strap up for some big brain content

Comment : 8:00 Roberts face! Like "shit, the AI is breaking the 4th wall".

Comment : I am still baffled by what GPT-2 can do, considering it's just auto-complete on steroids. Please, continue pushing it to its limits.

Comment : Nobody:

Comment : GPT2: C a r n i v o r o u s   M a t r i x   f r e a k

Comment : Jacob loved absolutely every second of this

Comment : I really want to see more videos like that from you!

Comment : Ayy I was hoping for something like this :)

Comment : How did you edit the text so quickly in Sublime? Can you do a tutorial?

Comment : Well that was quick haha. Thank you :)

Comment : Can you give us your dwm build? I would really like to have application icons in my dwm status bar

Comment : It's nice to see other people using Awesome ^^

Comment : Can you do a second version of this video with the complete version of gpt-2 ?

Comment : Je suis le seul francais qui a kiffé le "que la lumière soi !" ?

Comment: